fix: apply approved naming conventions (#113)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-details/pdp-containers.mdx

---
title: PDP containers

> description: Learn about the configuration variables for the product detailspage drop-in component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the configuration variables for the product details page drop-in component.
```
